docs(add): review docs , Configure RPNv2 for Rocky Linux 9 with nmcli (#1701)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/rpn/how-to/configure-rpnv2.mdx

    NETWORK=my.private.address.0
    VLAN=YES
    ```
## How to configure RPNv2 on Rocky Linux 9

> In the following 'how-to' guide, we will assume that your RPN NIC is `eth1`, the VLAN ID is `2001` and the new connection name is `VLAN2001`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of this how to, we assume that your RPN NIC is `eth1`, the VLAN ID is `2001` and the new connection name is `VLAN2001`. 
```

To add a new VLAN connection using the nmcli command, follow the steps below:

```
[root@srv1 ~]# nmcli connection add type vlan ifname VLAN2001 dev eth1 id 2001
Connection 'vlan-VLAN2001' (116121e0-4dca-4fb7-82ac-6e38b0f7d277) successfully added.d
```

Show the updated VLAN connection :

```
[root@srv1 ~]# nmcli connection show 
NAME           UUID                                  TYPE      DEVICE   
vlan-VLAN2001  116121e0-4dca-4fb7-82ac-6e3888f7d277  vlan      VLAN2001
```

Configure the second server to enable reachability from the group members.

> Assign an IP address to VLAN `2001` (your vlan id) on `serv1` and change ipv4.method to use manual method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assign an IP address to VLAN `2001` (your VLAN ID) on `serv1` and change `ipv4.method` to use the manual method
```

```
nmcli connection modify vlan-VLAN2001 ipv4.addresses 192.168.10.101/24 ipv4.method manual ipv4.addresses
nmcli connection up vlan-VLAN2001
```

> Assign an IP address to VLAN `2001` (your vlan id) on `serv2` and change ipv4.method to use manual method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assign an IP address to VLAN `2001` (your VLAN) on `serv2` and change `ipv4.method` to use the manual method
```

```
nmcli connection modify vlan-VLAN2001 ipv4.addresses 192.168.10.100/24 ipv4.method manual ipv4.addresses
nmcli connection up vlan-VLAN2001
```

> Test via ping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test your configuration via `ping`:
```
